Worked for 23m 16s


I’ll read the attached request first, then inspect the workspace and carry out the implementation and verification it calls for.




Ran Get-Content -Raw -LiteralPath 'C:\Users\Empiric\.codex\attachments\72758ccf-0699-43cd-b534-ed6ca35d8f95\pasted-text.txt'




The request spans GitHub, browser-based staging validation, Google Drive/Sheets/Docs, Jira, and Microsoft Teams. I’m applying the corresponding GitHub, Chrome, Google Drive/Sheets/Docs, Jira-triage, and Teams-message skills so the repository analysis, safety checks, deliverables, issue deduplication, and final notification follow their required workflows.




use chrome for broswer. if the URLs are blocked use different urls like staging/login






2:17 PM






Ran commands


I’ll use Chrome specifically for staging-browser work. If a discovered staging page is unavailable, I’ll try repository-supported routes such as /staging/login or /login, while still requiring an independently verified staging hostname and staging-only credentials before any submission.




Used GitHub, Google Drive, Atlassian Rovo, and Codex Apps integrations, ran commands


The requested private repository and branch are available through the connected GitHub account, and the existing checkout is already detached at the branch’s exact tracked commit: 84d392ec8f0d30da10fccdbf00ea2bcfae3922c5. I also located the existing QA reports folder, the project’s existing Google Sheet, the Jira workspace, and the target Teams team; I’m now mapping the application and staging safeguards from that exact revision.




Used GitHub, Atlassian Rovo, Chrome, Google Drive, and Codex Apps integrations, ran commands


Searchjiraissuesusingjql







Verify staging environment in Chrome before sign-in





The repository contains seven active forms, including the admin form, plus one explicitly deprecated form that must be excluded. Its staging target is a loopback-only QA application with dedicated fictional credentials and a deterministic validation-gap oracle; Chrome is currently blocking the repository’s documented environment URL, so I’m checking the supported staging/login route and the local service before deciding whether live testing can proceed safely.




Used Chrome and Google Drive integrations, ran commands


Chrome can reach the staging app through http://localhost:8000/staging/login, even though the equivalent 127.0.0.1 URL was blocked. I verified the staging API flags, the prominent “NOT PRODUCTION” banner, dedicated staging credentials, and the pristine three-customer/three-product seed; one documented referential-integrity probe would deliberately create an orphan, so that case will be recorded as blocked/manual-review instead of executed.




Used Chrome integration, ran commands


All nine route-hosted forms are in scope and below the testing cap: login, the dashboard’s inline form, registration, customer create/edit, product, order, order item, and admin inventory. Positive tests have already created a fully linked run-tagged customer → order → order-items chain, and the admin negative-stock check correctly rejected an unsafe adjustment while the dashboard’s one-off failure disappeared on identical retry.




Used Chrome integration, ran commands


Live Chrome testing confirmed six reproducible validation gaps: one Critical, three High, one Medium, and one Low. The quantity-rule failure affects both Order and Order Item forms, the transient dashboard error was correctly discarded after retry, and the separate orphan-producing Critical probe remains explicitly blocked to preserve referential integrity.




Searchjiraissuesusingjql







Getjiraissue





Used Atlassian Rovo and Google Drive integrations, ran commands


Createjiraissue





Createjiraissue





Createjiraissue





Createjiraissue





Createjiraissue





Createjiraissue





Got document "Test Data Generation Report - sample-qa…"





Searchjiraissuesusingjql





Updated spreadsheet





The six confirmed findings now have six unassigned Jira bugs, with the requested labels and severity-matched priorities. The existing Google Sheet contains native typed table columns, so its first atomic dataset update correctly failed without changing data; I’m adapting the write to preserve that existing table structure and its validation.




Used Google Drive integration, ran commands


The existing spreadsheet’s native dropdown/date table is now preserved and expanded with 151 categorized, schema-traceable test-data rows. The QA report has been created in the existing reports folder, all six Jira issues are verified unassigned with the requested labels, and I’ve embedded the captured Chrome screenshots directly into the report.




Used Google Drive, Chrome, and Codex Apps integrations, ran commands


The workflow is complete: the sheet contains 151 verified rows, the report contains all required sections plus six embedded screenshots, six unassigned Jira bugs are filed, the Run Log records the exact commit and safety decisions, and the Microsoft Teams notification has been sent and read back successfully.







Repository: sample-qa-test-project
Branch: agent/qa-validation-fixture
Commit: 84d392ec8f0d30da10fccdbf00ea2bcfae3922c5
Forms: 9 discovered, 9 tested, 0 skipped
Staging records created: 24
Dataset entries: 151
Validation gaps: 6 — Critical: 1, High: 3, Medium: 1, Low: 1
Jira issues: TCW-89, TCW-90, TCW-91, TCW-92, TCW-93, TCW-94
Test Data Repository
QA Report
Microsoft Teams notification: sent
One additional potential Critical issue was documented for manual review because testing it would create a prohibited orphan record. Six screenshots are embedded in the report; exported-PDF page rasterization was unavailable.


Test Data Generation Report - sample-qa-test-projectGoogle DocsOpenOpen in

Give feedback



2:40 PM