Worked for 22m 57s


I’ll use the GitHub, Google Docs, and Teams workflow skills to resolve the historical source snapshot, verify all four write surfaces first, and then build the blueprint and phased backlog only if the setup is fully workable. I’ll keep the app offline and treat the repository as read-only.




Ran commands


The connector inventory exposes Jira issue creation and editing, but no Jira attachment action. Per your fallback instruction, I’m bringing in the Chrome control skill to verify the missing attachment path and native Docs tabs before declaring the preflight pass or fail.




Used GitHub, Google Drive, Atlassian Rovo, Chrome, and Codex Apps integrations, ran commands


Preflight is workable: GitHub grants pull access; MBTF is create-enabled and its Task metadata exposes attachments; Chrome reaches the authenticated Jira “Add attachment” chooser; the Drive folder exposes Google Docs creation; and Teams validates direct posting to the exact Engineering channel. I’ll now analyze only the cutoff snapshot. The cutoff is 12:30 UTC, so the 11:30 UTC fixture commit is the candidate; I’m checking its relationship to main and excluding the two later commits.




Used GitHub integration


The cutoff snapshot is a 34-file root fixture. It has six App Router screens, five reusable UI exports/wrappers, an Express route tree plus a dynamic manifest, JWT and still-live legacy cookie auth, Prisma/PostgreSQL entities, active Stripe/PostHog wiring, dormant Sentry, and several client/server contract gaps. I’m pricing the mobile-tooling options from current vendor pages now, then I’ll author the native-tab document.




Searched the web


I’m using the Google Docs skill’s direct-native route because the requested output depends on real document tabs. Its authoring guidance is making the tab tree, formatted tables, source links, and readback verification explicit before I write.




Used Google Drive integration, ran commands, searched the web


The native tab tree is in place and the core text is written. I’ve added endpoint, screen/component, tooling, data-model, and sprint-phase tables; I’m verifying cell placement and styling before moving to Jira.




Used Google Drive integration


Connector readback now confirms all nine native tabs, six populated native tables, heading/list semantics, 169 source/vendor hyperlinks, and both date chips. I’m doing a rendered export check; the PDF skill is relevant here because the document has dense tables and this is a deliverable.




Used Google Drive integration, ran a command


The document is verified in the requested Drive folder. I’m moving to the small, rerunnable Jira phase set now: exact-summary lookup first, then update the seeded Foundation issue and create only missing phases. I’ll keep every work item in To Do.




Used Atlassian Rovo and Chrome integrations


Searchjiraissuesusingjql





Used Google Drive integration, edited files, ran commands


Viewed 5 images



Viewed 4 images



Context automatically compacted



The blueprint and four Jira phase records are in place. I’m finishing the attachment QA now: these are generated tab extracts from the current native-tab document, so I’m checking the actual rendered pages before attaching them.




Ran commands


Viewed 9 images



Ran Get-Content -LiteralPath 'tmp\pdfs\current-run\render_tab_extracts.py' -Raw




Several extracts have a nearly empty spillover page. I’m tightening the attachment layout into landscape engineering sheets so each tab reads as a coherent artifact, then I’ll re-render and inspect the final set.




Edited a file, ran commands


Viewed 11 images



The larger layout resolves the trailing-page issue for the flow, data, delivery, risks, and inventory tabs. One source line in Mobile Stack still spills by itself, so I’m making a small spacing adjustment and validating again.




Edited a file, ran commands


Viewed 10 images



Ran commands


The final attachment sheets now render cleanly, with the full comparison and source line on Mobile Stack and the endpoint table continuing normally on Architecture. I’m doing a last read-only check of the native document before the upload step.




Used Chrome integration





I’ve paused before the attachment upload and final Teams post. The Chrome control skill requires action-time confirmation for file uploads, so I need your confirmation to perform that external step.
Completed so far:
Resolved the cutoff commit on main as 368cec4aff9f293a2564eb6c35f3d9045b343c2c — committed at 17:00 IST on 10 July 2026. The two later commits were excluded.
Created Mobile Build Blueprint - webapp-main in the requested Drive folder, with nine native tabs:
Overview, Architecture, Screen Inventory, Mobile Stack, User Flow, Data Model & Contracts, Delivery Plan, Risks & Open Questions, and Secrets found (review).
Confirmed through the native Docs UI that all nine tabs exist and the document is saved.
Upserted exactly four Jira Tasks, all still To Do:MBTF-90 — Foundation and auth — updated; Sprint 1 anchor, spans Sprints 1–2
MBTF-104 — Core mobile screens and payments — created; Sprint 3 anchor, spans Sprints 2–4
MBTF-105 — Notifications, analytics, and observability — created; Sprint 5 anchor, spans Sprints 4–5
MBTF-106 — Testing and release readiness — created; Sprint 6 anchor, spans Sprints 5–6

Generated and visually checked redacted PDF extracts of the relevant document tabs. No credential values are included.
Confirmed the Jira attachment chooser is reachable through authenticated Chrome, and that the Teams Engineering channel permits direct posting.
Not completed yet:
The PDFs have not been uploaded to Jira.
The Teams message has not been sent; I will keep it as the final operation after the attachments are verified.
Chrome currently labels the document “Private only to me.” I have not changed its sharing permissions; channel recipients may need access granted separately.
Please confirm that I may upload the generated, redacted tab-extract PDFs to MBTF-90, MBTF-104, MBTF-105, and MBTF-106 through Chrome. After verifying the attachments, I’ll send the single requested Engineering channel post with the document link and issue keys.

Mobile Build Blueprint - webapp-mainGoogle DocsOpen in default browserOpen in

Give feedback
Edited 2 files+1,336-0Review changesUndoReview

tmp/pdfs/current-run/blueprint-tabs.jsontmp/pdfs/current-run/blueprint-tabs.json+1,205-0
tmp/pdfs/current-run/render_tab_extracts.pytmp/pdfs/current-run/render_tab_extracts.py+131-0





1:18 PM








confrmed






1:24 PM






Worked for 5m 23s


Confirmed. I’ll use Chrome for the Jira file uploads, verify the attachments and To Do status, then use the Teams messaging workflow for the one final Engineering-channel post.




Ran commands


The browser session needs reconnecting after the turn boundary. I’m reopening the authenticated Chrome context, then I’ll upload the prepared extracts to the exact four issues.




Used Chrome and Atlassian Rovo integrations


MBTF-90 now has all seven named tab PDFs, and the connector readback confirms their filenames, PDF MIME types, and byte sizes. I’m applying the corresponding sets to the remaining three phases.




Used Chrome integration


All three remaining upload selections completed. I’m checking Jira’s authoritative attachment fields now, including names and status, before sending the review post.




Used Atlassian Rovo integration


Getjiraissue





Finish Jira browser session





Jira confirms the exact attachment sets—7, 6, 6, and 5 PDFs respectively—and all four Tasks remain To Do in their planned anchor sprints. I’m sending the single Teams review announcement now.




Used Codex Apps integration





The mobile blueprint is complete, the Jira tab extracts are attached, and the single Teams review post was sent.
Blueprint: Mobile Build Blueprint - webapp-main
Cutoff commit: 368cec4aff9f293a2564eb6c35f3d9045b343c2c
Native Google Doc tabs: Overview, Architecture, Screen Inventory, Mobile Stack, User Flow, Data Model & Contracts, Delivery Plan, Risks & Open Questions, and Secrets found (review).
Teams announcement: Engineering channel post
Jira issue	Phase	Sprint span	Attached tab PDFs	Status
MBTF-90	Foundation and auth	1–2; anchor 1	7	To Do
MBTF-104	Core mobile screens and payments	2–4; anchor 3	6	To Do
MBTF-105	Notifications, analytics, and observability	4–5; anchor 5	6	To Do
MBTF-106	Testing and release readiness	5–6; anchor 6	5	To Do


The attachment fallback through Chrome succeeded, and Jira’s attachment fields confirmed the expected PDF filenames, sizes, and MIME types. The Secrets found extract contains file-and-line pointers only, with no credential values. No issue was transitioned, no deployment or store submission was performed, and no notification was sent beyond the one Teams post.
One access caveat remains: the native Docs UI showed the document as “Private only to me.” I did not alter sharing permissions. If other Engineering reviewers cannot open the link, the document owner will need to grant them access.