Worked for 17m 12s


I’ll use the GitHub, Google Drive/Sheets/Docs, Chrome, Jira triage, and Teams skills to carry this through from pinned-code analysis to staged validation and reporting. I’ll first resolve the requested branch to an exact commit, build the schema/form inventory from that snapshot, and establish the staging and reset evidence before any form submission.




Ran commands


The skill guidance requires native, verified Google Workspace artifacts and exact destination resolution for Teams. I’m loading the creation/edit and verification rules now, then I’ll inspect the pinned repository and connector capabilities.




Ran commands


The report is a long final deliverable, so the Google Docs guidance routes it through a locally authored document and native import, followed by connector verification and native date/link normalization. I’ll apply that route if the reporting stage is reachable.




Used GitHub integration, ran commands


The branch resolves through GitHub to 84d392ec8f0d30da10fccdbf00ea2bcfae3922c5, and the local checkout is at that same commit. There is one unrelated untracked file in the workspace; I’ll leave it untouched and read the committed snapshot explicitly.




Ran commands


The committed code identifies a loopback-only staging surface at http://127.0.0.1:8000/staging, a dedicated fictional QA identity, an environment-proof endpoint, and a seed timestamp. I’m moving to read-only browser verification now; the reset helper drops tables, so I will not invoke it under the no-destructive-operations constraint. Write eligibility will depend on confirming a clean state through evidence.




Used the browser, ran commands


The in-app browser blocked the loopback URL at the client boundary. A connected Chrome session is available, so I’m switching to that browser for the local staging surface and will verify the app there before deciding whether writes are allowed.




Used Chrome integration, ran commands


Both available browser surfaces returned net::ERR_BLOCKED_BY_CLIENT for the repository’s exact loopback proof URL. I cannot confirm the live environment or clean state, so no credentials or test data will be submitted and no validation gap will be treated as confirmed. I’ll finish the schema-grounded relationship/dataset work, record the browser blocker in the Run Log and report, and send the failure-state summary if the connected destinations are accessible.




Used Google Drive integration, edited a file, ran commands


Viewed 2 images



Edited a file, ran commands


Viewed an image



The relationship-safe dataset is assembled with 133 scenario rows. Reusable parents use logical keys (CUST-01, PROD-01/02, ORDER-01) and child IDs are explicitly deferred until verified parent readback; the nonexistent-product orphan probe is marked manual review and never automatic. The sheet also separates negative cases from reusable valid variants and marks every output unexecuted.




Used Google Drive, Atlassian Rovo, and Codex Apps integrations, edited a file


The connected Jira project already exists as TCW, and the exact Teams summary channel resolves under the requested team. Since there are no live-confirmed gaps, I will not create or alter Jira issues; the report will distinguish the repository’s oracle candidates from findings.




Created visualization, ran commands


The local document passed the title-border sanitizer. The packaged renderer cannot run because LibreOffice/soffice is absent, so I’m using structural checks before native import and will attempt native Google Docs export/render verification afterward; I won’t claim a local rendered-page pass.




Used Google Drive integration, ran commands


Native import and folder placement succeeded. Before replacing the date placeholder and linking the Run Log, the Docs skill requires a trusted existing-document read and scoped native repair; I’m following that verification path.




Ran commands


The checked-in trusted-read bridge requires an exec_command host capability that is not exposed in this Windows session. The Docs skill permits an available-connector equivalent when code mode is unavailable, so I’m using the full native readback already obtained: target 1VgYK…, tab t.0, placeholder range 122–135, with no control at that location.




Used Google Drive integration, edited a file, ran a command


I’m using the PDF skill for the native Google Docs export because rendered page fit matters for this final report. The local Word renderer was unavailable, so this export is the remaining visual QA surface.




Ran commands


Viewed 4 images



Viewed 4 images



Context automatically compacted



The native report and dataset are in place. I’m finishing the visual checks, linking the Run Log to the final artifacts, and then I’ll post the blocked-run summary to the resolved Teams channel.




Ran Get-ChildItem -LiteralPath 'C:\Users\Empiric\.codex\visualizations\2026\07\27\019fa370-34f9-7020-84be-058cb6baea67\qa-run\native-pages' | Select-Object Name,Length




Viewed 2 images



Viewed 2 images



The native PDF surfaced one layout defect: the final section spills only five lines onto an otherwise empty eighth page. I’m tightening that section in the native document and will re-render it before handoff.




Used Google Drive integration, edited a file, ran commands


Viewed an image



Used Google Drive integration


The repaired native report now renders cleanly in seven pages, with the future-dataset section ending on the final page. I’ve also converted the Run Log’s artifact references into native Drive file chips.




Used Chrome integration, ran commands


The Sheet’s native table and Run Log are readable in the authenticated Google Sheets UI. I’m posting the final blocked-run notification now; no Jira bug will be filed because no candidate reached live confirmation.




Used Google Drive, Chrome, and Codex Apps integrations





Run result: blocked, read-only
Item	Result
Run ID	QA-sample-qa-test-project-20260727T173045
Repository	sample-qa-test-project
Requested branch	agent/qa-validation-fixture
Exact commit analyzed	84d392ec8f0d30da10fccdbf00ea2bcfae3922c5
Forms discovered	9
Forms tested live	0
Skipped because of cap	0 — the total was below 25; all nine remain untested due to the staging blocker
Dataset scenarios generated	133 — 40 happy path, 29 boundary, 50 negative, 5 regression, 9 UAT
Records created in staging	0
Confirmed validation gaps	0 — Critical 0, High 0, Medium 0, Low 0
Jira issues created	0
Teams notification	Sent to the resolved Test Data Generation and Validation Summary channel

The repository-declared proof URL http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/environment returned net::ERR_BLOCKED_BY_CLIENT in both available browser surfaces. Consequently, the live staging API/banner signal, dedicated staging login, and clean/reset state could not be confirmed. I stopped before entering credentials or submitting any form. The destructive drop-all reset helper was not run. No application screenshot or live validation response exists.
The code-derived oracle candidates are documented as unexecuted candidates, not confirmed findings. In particular, the nonexistent-product Order Item case remains manual review only because successful submission could leave an orphan. No Jira issue was filed without live capture and the required repeat confirmation.
Deliverables:
Test Data Repository and Run Log
Test Data Generation Report - sample-qa-test-project
Teams notification
The Sheet has native Test Data Repository and Run Log tables, a controlled dataset-category dropdown, and Drive file chips linking the artifacts. The native report was visually re-rendered and corrected to a clean seven-page layout. To resume live testing, an approved browser-accessible route to the exact staging service and a confirmed clean-state criterion are needed.

Test Data Repository - sample-qa-test-projectGoogle SheetsOpen in default browserOpen in
Test Data Generation Report - sample-qa-test-projectGoogle DocsOpen in default browserOpen in
Web previewWebsiteOpenOpen in

Edited 3 files+2,796-0Review changesUndoReview

C:/Users/Empiric/.codex/visualizations/2026/07/27/019fa370-34f9-7020-84be-058cb6baea67/qa-run/build-sheet.mjsC:/Users/Empiric/.codex/visualizations/2026/07/27/019fa370-34f9-7020-84be-058cb6baea67/qa-run/build-sheet.mjs+215-0
C:/Users/Empiric/.codex/visualizations/2026/07/27/019fa370-34f9-7020-84be-058cb6baea67/qa-run/native-report-repaired.pdf.b64C:/Users/Empiric/.codex/visualizations/2026/07/27/019fa370-34f9-7020-84be-058cb6baea67/qa-run/native-report-repaired.pdf.b64+1-0
C:/Users/Empiric/.codex/visualizations/2026/07/27/019fa370-34f9-7020-84be-058cb6baea67/qa-run/native-report.pdf.b64C:/Users/Empiric/.codex/visualizations/2026/07/27/019fa370-34f9-7020-84be-058cb6baea67/qa-run/native-report.pdf.b64+2,580-0





5:45 PM






keep retrying, try other endpoints






5:45 PM






Worked for 19m 44s


I’ll retry the repository-declared staging and health endpoints in read-only mode. I’m using the Chrome browser skill because this is an explicit browser-access retry; no login or data submission will occur unless the staging and clean-state checks succeed.




Used Chrome integration, ran a command


The retry changed the picture: /staging and /staging/login now open even though the JSON proof endpoints are still client-blocked. The dashboard itself displays an explicit “STAGING / SAMPLE QA / FICTIONAL DATA ONLY — NOT PRODUCTION” banner, qa-oracle-v2, and a last clean seed timestamp. I’ll authenticate with the repository’s dedicated fictional staging credential, then complete a read-only reset/leftover check before deciding whether form submissions are permitted.




Used Chrome integration, ran commands


The Swagger UI successfully executed the read-only checks: /health returned environment: staging, sample_only: true, fictional classification, qa-oracle-v2, and the clean seed timestamp; /api/environment returned production: false and the dedicated-credential reference. The authenticated dashboard showed only the seed customers/products and the seed order in the form selector, and the earlier run created zero records. I can now resume the original form-validation workflow safely. I’ll use the connected Sheets, Docs, Jira, and Teams workflows to record the live outcomes as they are confirmed.




Used Google Drive and Chrome integrations, edited files, ran commands


The first live validations are behaving as the pinned code predicts. Registration rejects malformed email with a technical message, while Customer edit rejects the identical value with different wording; the invalid customer phone was accepted and visibly persisted, then the same edit-path failure repeated. I restored the reusable customer’s phone to a valid value before using it as an order parent.




Used Chrome integration, edited files, ran a command


The order chain is intact: the reusable order used read-back Customer 4 and Product 4, and its additional item used the distinct read-back Product 5. Empty shipping address was accepted twice with valid parents, and zero-quantity order items were accepted twice on separate valid order/product pairs. The nonexistent-product orphan probe has not been submitted.




Used Chrome integration


All nine in-scope routes have now been exercised. Six unique gaps survived the rule/value/response review and repeat checks: one Critical, three High, one Medium, and one Low. The orphan-reference candidate stays blocked. I’m updating the dataset’s actual-output cells and the Run Log before Jira deduplication.




Used Google Drive and Atlassian Rovo integrations


Context automatically compacted



The alternate route retry worked: the staging UI, Swagger UI, health response, and environment response all corroborate a fictional staging fixture. I completed all nine in-scope forms and reproduced six qualifying gaps. I’m checking the project for any still-open duplicates, then I’ll publish the evidence-backed issues and update the report, Run Log, and Teams summary.




The duplicate search found only Done/Resolved matches for each underlying failure, so the user’s rule calls for new issues rather than reopening those historical tickets. I’m also preserving the captured screenshots as issue evidence.




Ran Get-Content -Raw 'C:\Users\Empiric\.codex\plugins\cache\openai-curated-remote\google-drive\0.1.10\skills\google-drive\SKILL.md'




I’m using the Google Drive workflow to place the captured browser evidence alongside the QA artifacts, then I’ll link that evidence from the Jira descriptions.




Ran commands


Viewed 3 images



Used Google Drive and Atlassian Rovo integrations, ran commands


Getjiraissue





Six new unassigned Bug issues are now in TCW, with the required labels and linked screenshots; readback confirms all are To Do. I’m replacing the earlier read-only status in the QA report and Run Log with the verified execution result, including the manual-review orphan case.




Used Google Drive integration


The report now reflects the resumed run: all nine forms, staging proof, the 18-record dependency chain, six confirmed gaps, Jira links, and the unsafe orphan case as blocked manual review. I’m doing the native document and sheet visual/readback pass before the final Teams post.




Used Google Drive integration, edited a file, ran commands


Viewed 8 images



Used Google Drive and Chrome integrations


The native sheet preview is readable, with the dataset table and a wrapped Run Log row. I’m using the Teams messaging workflow to send the final live summary to the resolved Test Data Generation and Validation Summary channel, then I’ll write that message link back into the Run Log.




Used Google Drive, Chrome, and Codex Apps integrations





Run completed
Item	Result
Run ID	QA-sample-qa-test-project-20260727T173045
Repository	sample-qa-test-project
Branch analyzed	agent/qa-validation-fixture
Exact commit	84d392ec8f0d30da10fccdbf00ea2bcfae3922c5
Forms discovered / tested / skipped due to cap	9 / 9 / 0
Dataset	133 schema-grounded scenario rows
Staging records created	18 — 1 registration, 2 customers, 6 products, 3 orders, 6 order items
Validation gaps	6 — Critical 1, High 3, Medium 1, Low 1
Jira issues created	6, all unassigned Bugs
Teams notification	Sent and verified

The alternate endpoint retry succeeded. Although direct navigation to raw JSON endpoints still returned ERR_BLOCKED_BY_CLIENT, /staging, /staging/login, and /docs opened. The UI displayed an explicit STAGING / SAMPLE QA / NOT PRODUCTION banner. Swagger UI successfully executed read-only GETs to /health and /api/environment, returning environment=staging, production=false, sample_only=true, qa-oracle-v2, and clean seed timestamp 2026-07-27T11:55:35.181846+00:00. The dedicated fictional staging identity authenticated successfully. No destructive reset operation was invoked.
Confirmed findings
Severity	Finding	Jira
Critical	Stored product description markup was rendered as actual DOM rather than escaped text	TCW-66
High	Empty required order shipping address was accepted and saved	TCW-64
High	Customer phone format validator was bypassed on create and edit	TCW-65
High	Zero product price bypassed the ORM @validates positive-price rule	TCW-68
Medium	Zero order-item quantity was accepted despite the application business rule	TCW-67
Low	The same invalid email produced different messages between registration and customer edit	TCW-69

All Jira-bound findings were repeated and checked against the pinned rule, submitted value, and captured response. Existing matching issues were Done, so new issues were created rather than reopened. Screenshot evidence is linked from each issue.
The nonexistent-product foreign-key probe, GAP-03, remains blocked for manual review. It was not submitted because it could create an orphan. It is not counted as a confirmed gap and has no Jira issue from this run.
Deliverables
Test Data Repository and Run Log
Test Data Generation Report
Final Microsoft Teams notification
The native Sheet and Doc were read back and visually checked; the Run Log contains the exact SHA, staging proof, completion status, counts, linked Jira issues, and the Teams message link.

