Worked for 17m 5s


I’ll read the attached request first, then inspect the workspace and carry out the pipeline end to end.




Read Run the weekly LLM cost and latency attribution pipeline for the Cahuu LLM Gate…



This workflow spans GitHub, Supabase, Google Sheets/Drive, Jira, Teams, and potentially the existing Chrome session. I’m applying the GitHub, Supabase, Google Drive/Sheets, and Teams messaging skills to verify access before reading project data or making any changes.




Used GitHub, Supabase, Google Drive, Atlassian Rovo and Codex Apps integrations, loaded tools, ran commands


All five required access checks passed, including edit/create/post permissions and read access to both telemetry tables. One critical security finding surfaced during preflight: both Supabase log tables have row-level security disabled; I’ll record and report that without changing database settings.




Used Google Drive, Supabase and Codex Apps integrations, read files, ran commands, searched the web


Searchjiraissuesusingjql





Used Google Drive and Codex Apps integrations, ran a command


The repository snapshot is pinned to commit f4c8b6faed53bda1f3c75f6719a5dcbc731b9904, and I’ve retrieved 340 request records plus 534 LLM-call records for July 9–15. Teams exposes message timestamps but not message bodies through its connector, so I’m applying the Chrome-control skill to inspect existing channel posts before deciding whether a new notification would be a duplicate.




Used Chrome, GitHub and Codex Apps integrations, loaded a tool, ran commands, searched the web


The screened analysis found seven billable endpoints, two non-generative endpoints, and three actionable opportunities: one genuine parallelization opportunity plus two uncached Anthropic prompt opportunities. Five malformed request rows and four unusable LLM-call rows were excluded; the projected total is approximately $24.68/month, with two latency-qualified Jira tickets.




Used Google Drive integration


Editjiraissue





Createjiraissue





Editjiraissue





The recurring




The recurring report now contains endpoint, feature, pricing, per-call attribution, non-generative, and run-log tabs. I created the new document-summarization issue and refreshed the existing support-triage issue without changing its assignee or status; I’m completing the Teams notification and final verification now.




Used Google Drive and Codex Apps integrations


Searchjiraissuesusingjql





Used Chrome and Codex Apps integrations





Completed July 9–15, 2026 UTC analysis.
Commit: f4c8b6faed53bda1f3c75f6719a5dcbc731b9904
Estimated monthly spend: $24.68
Optimization opportunities: 3; Jira tickets: 2.
Updated Google Sheet
CLGO-15: Document summarization
CLGO-1: Support triage
Posted Teams notification
Security warning: Both telemetry tables have RLS disabled. Review access policies before considering:
ALTER TABLE public.request_logs ENABLE ROW LEVEL SECURITY;
ALTER TABLE public.llm_call_logs ENABLE ROW LEVEL SECURITY;
A hardcoded test credential fallback was also recorded at app/services/llm_clients.py:6; its value was not disclosed.