Worked for 14m 29s


I’m using the GitHub, Google Drive/Sheets/Docs, Chrome, and Teams workflow skills to carry this run from exact-commit analysis through staged validation and reporting. I’ll first resolve the supplied branch, build the schema and complete form inventory from that snapshot, then gate every staging write on environment, credential, reset-state, and safety checks.




Ran commands


The workflow skills require a native-sheet import path for a new workbook and a polished document import path for the report. I’m loading their authoring and verification instructions now; the connector will remain the destination for the final Google artifacts.




Used GitHub integration, ran commands


The branch resolves to commit 84d392ec8f0d30da10fccdbf00ea2bcfae3922c5, and the local checkout is already at that exact commit on agent/qa-validation-fixture. I’ll analyze tracked files at the commit directly and leave the unrelated untracked workspace file untouched.




Ran commands


The code inventory identifies seven distinct active URL-route forms: registration, customer create, customer edit, product, order, order item, and QA Admin inventory. The deprecated hidden legacy contact route is excluded; the dashboard Quick note is an inline same-URL control, so it is not an eighth form. Because seven is below the cap, all seven are selected for live testing if the staging gates pass.




Used the browser, ran commands


The in-app browser blocked the loopback navigation before the application could be inspected. I’m retrying the same read-only verification through the available Chrome browser connection; no staging data has been written.




Used Chrome integration, ran a command


Both available browser connections reject the repository’s loopback staging URL with ERR_BLOCKED_BY_CLIENT. That means I cannot observe the environment API, banner, dedicated-login result, or reset state through the browser, so the staging write gate fails closed. I will stay read-only for staging, mark all live cases unexecuted/manual-review, and continue with the schema-grounded dataset, report, Run Log, connector checks, and failure notification.




Used Google Drive, Atlassian Rovo, and Codex Apps integrations, ran a command


The reusable dataset will carry the full run ID in a dedicated sheet column, with schema-compatible tags in record-level text fields where available. Order-item rows have no free-text tag field, so their traceability is through the tagged parent order plus the sheet’s Run ID. Negative cases will live on a separate tab and remain unsubmitted because the browser gate did not pass.




Edited files, ran commands


Viewed 4 images



Viewed an image



Edited a file, ran commands


The dataset plan now contains 97 reusable/positive or boundary/regression/UAT rows and 76 isolated negative rows, all tied to the commit’s rules. The relationship chain uses symbolic parent keys so no guessed staging ID can leak into a reusable case. I’m importing the workbook as a native Google Sheet, then I’ll replace the Run Log placeholders with observed artifact links and the final notification status.




Used Google Drive integration, edited a file, ran commands


The local report passed the deterministic title sanitization check. The DOCX renderer cannot run because LibreOffice is not installed in this runtime, so I’ll use structural checks and connector readback, and I will not claim rendered-page visual QA.




Used Google Drive integration, ran commands


The native Sheet and report are created in the existing “QA Test Data Reports” folder. I’m doing the post-import readback and native date/Sheet-link normalization, then I’ll update the Run Log and send the blocked-run summary to the resolved Teams channel.




Used Google Drive and Chrome integrations, ran commands


Context automatically compacted



The native Sheet and report are in place. I’m finishing the Run Log verification, then I’ll send the blocked-run summary to the resolved Teams channel and write that notification status back into the log.




Used Chrome, Google Drive, and Codex Apps integrations


The Teams summary was delivered, and the Run Log now links to that live message. The run remains correctly marked blocked: no staging records or unconfirmed bugs were created.




Finalize QA artifact browser tab








Blocked-run summary
Item	Result
Project	sample-qa-test-project
Branch analyzed	agent/qa-validation-fixture
Exact commit	84d392ec8f0d30da10fccdbf00ea2bcfae3922c5
Run ID	QA-sample-qa-test-project-20260727T153036+0530
Forms discovered	7
Forms live-tested	0
Skipped due to 25-form cap	0 — all seven were selected
Dataset prepared	97 positive/boundary/regression/UAT scenario rows and 76 separate negative-case rows
Staging records created	0
Confirmed validation gaps	Critical 0 · High 0 · Medium 0 · Low 0
Jira issues created	0
Run status	Blocked before staging writes

The repository identifies http://127.0.0.1:8000/staging, but the in-app browser and Chrome both returned net::ERR_BLOCKED_BY_CLIENT when opening /api/environment. Consequently, I could not observe the application's staging signal, verify the dedicated staging-only login in practice, or establish clean/reset state. I did not log in, reset anything, submit a form, or write staging data. Source-declared oracle candidates were kept as unexecuted/manual-review cases and were not counted as findings or filed in Jira.
Deliverables:
Test Data Repository and Run Log
Test Data Generation Report — sample-qa-test-project
Microsoft Teams notification — sent to Testing Client Workflows → Test Data Generation and Validation Summary
The Run Log records the exact SHA, staging-verification failure, stopping stage, form counts, artifact links, zero Jira issues, and the sent Teams-message link. To resume live validation, the approved browser route to the loopback staging app must be restored so the environment, credential scope, and reset-state gates can be confirmed before any submission.

Test Data Repository - sample-qa-test-projectGoogle SheetsOpen in default browserOpen in
Test Data Generation Report - sample-qa-test-projectGoogle DocsOpen in default browserOpen in
Web previewWebsiteOpenOpen in

Edited 2 files+444-0Review changesUndoReview

C:/Users/Empiric/.codex/visualizations/2026/07/27/019fa302-5027-7243-98b4-f6b14df6efc7/qa-work/build_report.pyC:/Users/Empiric/.codex/visualizations/2026/07/27/019fa302-5027-7243-98b4-f6b14df6efc7/qa-work/build_report.py+158-0
C:/Users/Empiric/.codex/visualizations/2026/07/27/019fa302-5027-7243-98b4-f6b14df6efc7/qa-work/build_workbook.mjsC:/Users/Empiric/.codex/visualizations/2026/07/27/019fa302-5027-7243-98b4-f6b14df6efc7/qa-work/build_workbook.mjs+286-0





3:42 PM






keep retrying






3:43 PM






Worked for 1m 4s


I’ll retry the staging browser gate and keep the run read-only until the application signal, dedicated staging login, and reset-state checks can actually be observed.




Used the browser, ran commands


The first retry is unchanged: the browser client still blocks the loopback environment endpoint before an application response is available. I’m checking the other available browser surface once more, then I’ll leave the pre-write gate closed if it remains blocked.




Used Chrome and the browser, ran commands


Both browser surfaces still return the same client-side block. I’ll set a thread-attached retry monitor so this task can check again periodically without bypassing the staging safety gate.







The retry is still blocked. Both the in-app browser and Chrome returned net::ERR_BLOCKED_BY_CLIENT for http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/environment, so the staging identity and reset-state gates remain unverified. No login, form submission, reset, or staging write was attempted.
I created an hourly, thread-attached retry monitor. It will remain read-only while the block persists and will continue the original QA workflow only if the staging response, dedicated credential scope, and clean-state checks can be confirmed. The existing Run Log remains marked blocked.
Retry QA staging browser gateHourlyOpen

Run LogGoogle SheetsOpen in default browserOpen in
Web previewWebsiteOpenOpen in




3:44 PM





keep retrying, take a step back and keep retrying






3:44 PM






Worked for 1m


I’ll step back and distinguish an application/listener problem from the browser-client block, then retry the supported browser path. I’ll keep the existing monitor and the staging pre-write gate in place.




Ran commands


The local service is actually listening on 127.0.0.1:8000 under a Python process. That narrows the issue: the prior failure is a browser-client navigation block, not simply an absent listener. I’ll retry the repository-declared URL without substituting a different host or bypassing the browser boundary.




Used Chrome and the browser, ran a command





I stepped back and checked the local prerequisite. A Python process is listening on 127.0.0.1:8000 (PID 2764), so this is not simply an absent staging listener. However, both supported browser surfaces still fail before receiving an application response:
net::ERR_BLOCKED_BY_CLIENT
The hourly thread-attached retry monitor remains active. The run stays read-only: no staging login, reset, form submission, or data write will occur until the browser can load the repository-declared /api/environment response and the staging, credential-scope, and clean-state gates are confirmed.
Please enable loopback access for the supported browser client—or open http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/environment in Chrome and tell me when it is loaded—so the next retry can inspect the actual staging signal.
Retry QA staging browser gateHourlyOpen

Web previewWebsiteOpenOpen in




3:45 PM





restart it 






3:46 PM






Worked for 1m 44s


I’ll verify that the process bound to port 8000 is the repository’s local staging service and inspect what its startup path changes before restarting it. I won’t stop an unidentified process or invoke a reset helper.




Ran commands


The listener is the repository’s virtual-environment Uvicorn process (app.main:app, loopback only). Its startup hook creates missing tables and seeds fictional fixtures only when the customer table is empty; the reset script is separate and will not be used. I’ll restart the identified local process with the database explicitly pinned to the workspace’s sample_qa.db, then retry the browser gate.




Ran commands


The restarted service is listening again on loopback. I’m retrying the public environment identity endpoint through the supported browsers now.




Used Chrome and the browser





The repository-local staging service was restarted successfully:
Stopped the verified .venv Uvicorn process for app.main:app.
Started it again bound only to 127.0.0.1:8000, with DATABASE_URL explicitly set to the workspace sample_qa.db.
Confirmed the port is listening again under the new process.
Did not run the destructive reset helper or submit any test form.
The post-restart browser retry still fails in both the in-app browser and Chrome with net::ERR_BLOCKED_BY_CLIENT at /api/environment. The problem therefore remains at the browser-client access boundary, not the service listener. The existing hourly retry monitor stays active, and live QA remains blocked until that browser restriction is lifted.


3:47 PM






restrat the browser then!






3:48 PM






Worked for 34s


I’ll check the supported browser recovery path for a browser restart and use it if the browser integration exposes one. I won’t terminate the user’s Chrome process or close unrelated tabs through an undocumented workaround.




Ran commands


I give you for access!






3:48 PM






The Chrome connection itself is healthy; the failure is navigation to the loopback URL. I’ll try Chrome’s supported restart route once, then reconnect and retry the staging identity endpoint.




Restart Chrome





I understand the authorization. The browser integration itself rejected the restart route under its URL policy, so I can’t turn that permission into a shell, CDP, or alternate-browser workaround. I’m cleaning up the attempted restart tab and leaving the retry monitor active.




Clean up restart attempt








Your authorization is clear, but it does not override the browser integration’s security policy. The attempted Chrome restart route was explicitly blocked, and I cannot use shell process termination, raw browser commands, another control surface, or an indirect workaround to achieve the same restart.
Please restart Chrome manually, then open the exact repository-declared endpoint:
http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/environment
Once it loads, tell me it is ready. I can then inspect the response through the supported browser path and continue the staging safety checks. The hourly retry monitor remains active, and no form writes will occur until those checks pass.

Web previewWebsiteOpenOpen in




3:48 PM






try agian






3:49 PM






You stopped after 8s




I’ll retry the repository-declared staging identity endpoint through the supported browser path. The staging pre-write gate remains closed unless the application response is actually visible.




Ran Get-Content -Raw 'C:/Users/Empiric/.codex/plugins/cache/openai-bundled/chrome/26.721.41059/skills/control-chrome/SKILL.md'










I meant lok at the browser now






3:49 PM






Worked for 21m 21s


I’ll inspect the browser’s current open tabs and use the page you have already opened.




Used the browser, ran commands


There is no open in-app browser tab to inspect. I’ll check Chrome, which is the browser you were asked to open the endpoint in.




Used Chrome integration, ran a command


I can see the live response now: environment: staging, production: false, sample_only: true, seed_version: qa-oracle-v2, with a seed timestamp. That satisfies the application-side identity signal alongside the repository’s loopback staging configuration. I’ll proceed to the dedicated staging login and then inspect current records for prior QA run tags before any data creation.




Used Chrome integration


The dedicated login succeeded, and the authenticated page displays the non-production banner and only the three fictional fixture customers and products. I’m checking the relationship selectors and current state for prior QA-sample-qa-test-project-... run tags before allowing creates.




Used Chrome integration, ran commands


The clean-state check is now affirmative: the authenticated UI showed only fixture relationships, and a read-only inspection of the pinned local database found no prior project run tags—three customers, three products, one order/item, and zero registrations. I’ll use the existing run ID and begin safe browser validation; the nonexistent-product probe remains manual review because it could create an orphan.




Used Chrome integration, ran commands


The open Chrome tab is now the authenticated staging application, and the environment response and clean fixture state have been verified. I’ll continue the original run from that tab, using tagged records and parent-first relationships.




Used Chrome integration


The tagged registration and customer were accepted, and the generated customer resolved to ID 4. I’ll exercise the phone-format rule on create and edit, preserving unique emails while repeating the identical invalid phone value.




Used Chrome integration


The phone-format bypass reproduced on both create and edit, and the invalid-email message differs between registration and customer edit for the same bad value. I’m moving to catalog and order workflows, keeping all relationship IDs tied to the tagged parent chain.




Used Chrome integration, ran a command


The catalog probes reproduced: two zero-price products persisted despite the ORM >0 validator, and the inert <b> description rendered as an actual bold DOM element on two records. I captured the product table showing both results. Next is the tagged draft-order chain and safe order validation.




Used Chrome integration, ran a command


The empty shipping address was accepted twice. A read-only check of the resulting tagged orders confirms IDs 3 and 4 persisted shipping_address = '' while retaining valid customer/product relationships. I’m finishing the admin form and the order-item business-rule probe; the orphan-reference probe will stay unexecuted.




Used Chrome integration


The QA admin adjustment succeeded on tagged product ID 5. For the quantity rule, I’ll use valid tagged parent orders and an existing product, so the negative child has intact foreign keys and no external side effects. I will not submit the nonexistent-product case.




Used Chrome integration, ran a command


The zero-quantity rule also reproduced twice with valid order and product IDs; read-only joins confirm both child rows exist and neither is orphaned. I’ll capture a client-side required-field response and the same-URL retry control, then reconcile the run’s record counts and findings.




Used Chrome integration, ran a command


All seven route-level forms have been exercised. The final read-only integrity check shows 23 newly created records relative to the clean fixture baseline and zero orphan orders or order items. I’m rechecking the exact rules and captured responses before updating the artifacts and Jira.




Ran commands


The same-URL flaky control failed once and then succeeded on identical retry, so it is excluded as a gap. I’m switching to the connected artifact and issue workflows now: update the existing Sheet and report, deduplicate Jira bugs in TCW, then send a replacement completion summary to Teams.




Used Google Drive integration, ran commands


Context automatically compacted



I can see the staging browser now, and the live validation pass has completed. I’m checking the sheet writes first, then I’ll close out the report, Jira findings, and Teams summary with the captured browser evidence.




Used Google Drive and Atlassian Rovo integrations


The sheet update is present. Jira’s duplicate search found prior matching bugs, but all twelve historical matches are Done, including the latest six. Under your rule, I’m creating fresh unassigned bugs for this reproduced run.




Used Atlassian Rovo integration


Searchjiraissuesusingjql





Six fresh unassigned bugs are open and labeled correctly: TCW-52 through TCW-57. I’m updating the existing native report in place, including the live evidence and the safety/manual-review boundary.




Used Google Drive integration, ran commands


The report text is updated in place. The connector rejected inline-image argument binding, but Drive accepted the evidence upload, so I’m preserving the screenshots as linked evidence in the same QA folder and will link them from the report and the relevant Jira issues.




Used Google Drive and Atlassian Rovo integrations


The report now contains native Drive rich-link chips for all five browser captures, and the relevant Jira bugs have evidence comments. I’m doing the report readback/render check, then I’ll send the completion notice and finalize the Run Log.




Used Google Drive integration, edited a file


I’m using the PDF inspection workflow to check the exported native report’s page layout before handoff.




Ran commands


Viewed 4 images



Viewed 4 images



The exported report is readable across all eight pages: tables fit, headings and findings remain intact, and the evidence chips render. I’m sending the final Teams summary now, then I’ll write its link and the six Jira links into the Run Log.




Used Google Drive and Codex Apps integrations


The Teams post is live and the Run Log now shows the completed status, six Jira links, and the Teams message link. I’m handing the verified staging tab back without closing it.




Used Chrome integration, ran commands





The browser is now working, and the staging validation workflow is complete.
Run summary	Result
Project	sample-qa-test-project
Repository	kashyapempiricinfotech-sys/sample-qa-test-project
Branch	agent/qa-validation-fixture
Exact commit	84d392ec8f0d30da10fccdbf00ea2bcfae3922c5
Run ID	QA-sample-qa-test-project-20260727T153036+0530
Forms discovered	7
Forms tested live	7
Skipped due to cap	0
Staging records created	23
Confirmed gaps	6 — Critical 1, High 3, Medium 1, Low 1
Jira issues created	6, all unassigned
Teams notification	Sent successfully

The pre-write gate was satisfied by the repository’s local-staging configuration, the live /api/environment response (environment=staging, production=false, sample_only=true), the authenticated STAGING/SAMPLE QA banner, the dedicated staging identity, and a read-only check finding no prior project run tags. The final relationship check found zero orphan orders and zero orphan order items.
Deliverables:
Test Data Repository and Run Log — 97 reusable scenario rows, 76 separate negative/manual-review rows, schema/relationship reference, and completed Run Log.
Test Data Generation Report - sample-qa-test-project — updated in place with the live results, severity rationale, Jira links, and native Drive evidence chips. The exported eight-page report was visually inspected.
Finding	Severity	Jira
Empty required shipping_address persisted twice	High	TCW-52
Customer phone-format validator bypassed on create and edit	High	TCW-53
Stored product description rendered as actual HTML	Critical	TCW-54
Order item accepted quantity 0	Medium	TCW-55
Product accepted unit_price=0.00 despite ORM validator	High	TCW-56
Same invalid email produced inconsistent messages across forms	Low	TCW-57

The nonexistent-product reference probe, GAP-03, remains manual review and was not submitted because it could create an orphan. The Quick note retry control succeeded on identical replay and was not counted as a gap. Historical matching Jira issues were all Done, so new issues were created as instructed. The retry heartbeat is paused now that the run has completed.
Browser evidence from the live session:

