Worked for 5m 25s


I’ll first verify access to the two Google Sheets, the disclosure-standard Google Doc, the Notion register, and the Teams channel. Once those sources are confirmed, I’ll apply the document’s numbered rules cell by cell, write the complete register, post the actual Teams summary, and create unsent analyst drafts with blank recipient fields.




I’m using the Google Drive skill to read the source documents, the Notion knowledge-capture skill to structure the disclosure register, the Teams messaging skill for the real channel post, and the Gmail skill to create unsent drafts safely.




Used Notion, Google Drive, and Microsoft Teams integrations, ran commands


All five required sources are accessible, including the exact Teams channel and the Notion database. The rulebook establishes two different minimums depending on the data agreement, plus separate requirements for complementary suppression, published percentages, prior releases, and payment dominance; I’m now extracting every source cell and its provenance before making any write.




Used Google Drive integration


The source inventory confirms seven draft tables, three previously published comparison tables, and a separate practice-payment ledger. I’ve also identified that the registry table is governed by a stricter external agreement, so it cannot be assessed using the same minimum as the other six tables.




Ran Get-Content -LiteralPath 'C:/Users/Empiric/.codex/plugins/cache/openai-curated-remote/google-drive/0.1.11/skills/google-sheets/SKILL.md' -Raw




I’m also applying the Google Sheets range-inspection skill to check the displayed percentages against their underlying values while keeping both workbooks strictly read-only.




Used Notion, Gmail, and Google Drive integrations, ran a command


The cell-by-cell checks have now exposed all of the important edge cases: an exactly reportable count of 11, a publishable zero, percentages that uniquely reveal small underlying counts, a nine-person cohort exposed only by comparison with Spring, and a payment total that fails the dominance test despite having 40 contributors. I’m validating the complete decision matrix and its totals before writing the register.




The review is complete and internally reconciled: 41 table values were reviewed, 11 require suppression, a dropped margin, or aggregation, and only Table B clears unchanged. Three analysts are affected; I’m now creating all 41 structured Notion records before posting anything to Teams or drafting emails.




Used Notion integration


All 41 Notion rows have now been created and read back successfully, with exactly one record for every numeric table-body cell. The verified register identifies 11 changed values across Tables A, C, D, E, F, and G; Table B is the sole table that clears as drafted.




Used Gmail and Microsoft Teams integrations


The Teams disclosure summary has been posted for real, and the three analyst messages have been created as unsent Gmail drafts with blank recipient fields. I’m performing final read-backs now to confirm the post contains every changed cell and that no draft has an addressee.




Used Notion, Gmail, and Microsoft Teams integrations





Completed and verified:
Notion register: 41 cells reviewed; 11 require changes.
Teams: Full disclosure review posted to disclosure-review.
Clears unchanged: Table B only.
Unsent Gmail drafts created for Joss Ferreira, Tobias Lund, and Ilse Marek; all recipient fields are blank.
Neither spreadsheet was modified.


7:31 PM