Worked for 4m 52s

I'll start with the access gate and stop immediately if any required capability fails. I'm using the GitHub, Google Docs/Drive, Atlassian, Teams message, and Chrome-control skills because this job spans those systems and explicitly requires Chrome fallback for Jira attachments or document tabs. I'll verify access first, then resolve the historical commit and read the code without running it or calling live endpoints.

The required connector surfaces are present. The Google Docs connector advertises native tab creation directly; Jira's connector does not expose attachment uploads, so the Chrome fallback is required for that specific step. I'm now checking the named project/folder/channel and the Jira issue UI before creating anything.

Used Google Drive, GitHub, Atlassian Rovo, Chrome, Codex Apps, and the browser, ran commands

The duplicate-safety check has hit a hard stop before any write: MBTF already contains two separate "Foundation and auth" issues, MBTF-75 and MBTF-76. That is the foundational phase named in the requested breakdown, and your rule says to stop when an exact summary has more than one match. I'm closing the read-only browser checks and will leave the repository, Drive, Jira, and Teams unchanged.

Used Chrome integration

Stopped before creating anything because Jira contains two exact matches for the foundational phase:
MBTF-75 - "Foundation and auth"
MBTF-76 - "Foundation and auth"
Your rerun rule requires stopping when more than one exact match exists. No Google Doc, Jira updates or attachments, or Teams post were made.
The GitHub repository was readable, and the named Jira project, Drive folder, Teams team/channel, and authenticated Jira Chrome session were reachable. Full attachment and document-tab write validation was not attempted after the duplicate stop.

4:05 PM

delete one and then continue

4:07 PM

Worked for 24m 43s

I'll delete the newer duplicate, MBTF-76, preserve the older MBTF-75 as the canonical "Foundation and auth" issue, and then resume the original workflow. I'm continuing with the Jira/Chrome, GitHub, Google Docs/Drive, and Teams workflows; the deletion is the only extra write beyond your original request.

Used Chrome and Atlassian Rovo integrations, ran commands

MBTF-76 is deleted and the exact-summary check now returns only MBTF-75. I'm moving into the code review next: resolving the historical main-branch commit, then reading its route and server files without executing the app or contacting any application endpoint.

Used GitHub integration

The historical cut is resolved to 368cec4aff9f293a2564eb6c35f3d9045b343c2c (committed 17:00 IST). GitHub confirms it is the main-branch merge base and that the next two main commits landed after the 18:00 IST cutoff. I'm now pulling the 34 files from that exact commit for a file-by-file inventory.

Used GitHub integration, searched the web

The code inventory is complete. The architecture is small but deliberately mixed: six Next screens, one /api health handler, Express routers plus a dynamic manifest, two live auth generations, Prisma/PostgreSQL models, active Stripe/PostHog, dormant Sentry, and feature-gated push UI. I also found credential-shaped material; I'll reference only file and line locations in the required secrets-review tab, never copy the values. The Google Docs workflow is now guiding the native-tab and table construction.

Used Google Drive integration, searched the web

Native tabs are in place and all nine tab bodies have been written. The first date-chip batch was rejected atomically because Google Docs does not accept the en-IN chip locale; no content changed. The Docs workflow's validation prevented a partial write, and I'm retrying with the supported en locale.

Used Google Drive integration

The blueprint is now a nine-tab native Google Doc with real title/heading styles, native bullet/numbered lists, native date chips, seven linked pricing sources, and a formatted comparison table. I'm exporting it for Jira attachments next, then I'll upsert the four phase issues and keep each in To Do.

Used Google Drive and Atlassian Rovo integrations, edited files

The four Jira phase issues are now in place: MBTF-75 was updated, and three new To Do tasks were created. I've also prepared four attachment files containing the relevant tab extracts, with secret values excluded. The Chrome attachment fallback is the remaining Jira step.

Used Chrome integration, ran commands

Context automatically compacted

The duplicate is gone. I'm finishing the four attachment uploads now, then I'll re-verify the Jira set and document structure before sending the single Teams announcement.

Used Chrome integration, ran commands

Chrome can reach Jira, but the extension's file-chooser bridge isn't firing. I'm switching to the Windows UI for the upload step so the native file dialog can complete the attachments without changing the issue scope.

Initialize Windows upload control
Select Chrome window
Inspect Chrome upload window

Deleted duplicate MBTF-76, then stopped at the attachment prerequisite.
Chrome's file-chooser bridge did not open, and the Windows fallback ended because it could not confidently verify the active browser URL. Therefore:
Jira attachments were not uploaded.
The Teams announcement was not sent.
Existing issues remain in To Do.
The Google Doc blueprint and Jira work already created remain in place.
To enable file upload, go to chrome://extensions in Chrome, click Details under the ChatGPT Chrome Extension, and enable "Allow access to file URLs." See here for details.

Edited 4 files, +149/-0
Review changes
jira-attachments/Mobile Build Blueprint - Core screens.md +39/-0
jira-attachments/Mobile Build Blueprint - Foundation and auth.md +39/-0
jira-attachments/Mobile Build Blueprint - Notifications and analytics.md +37/-0
(1 more file)

4:31 PM

continue

4:33 PM

Worked for 9m 15s

I'll retry the Jira uploads first. If all four attachments verify, I'll run the duplicate/status and document checks, then send the one Teams post as the final external action.

Used Chrome integration, ran commands

The upload path is working now; the foundation file is saved on MBTF-75. I'm applying the same verified sequence to the other three phase issues.

Used Chrome and Atlassian Rovo integrations, ran commands

Searched Jira issues using JQL

All four Jira files are attached and connector-readback confirms one exact issue per summary, one attachment each, and To Do on every issue. I'm doing the document's final native-tab readback now.

Used Google Drive and Codex Apps integrations, ran commands
Ran Get-Content '...google-docs\SKILL.md' | Select-Object -First 180
Ran Get-Content '...google-docs\SKILL.md' | Select-Object -Skip 180 -First 180
Ran Get-Content '...google-docs\SKILL.md' | Select-Object -Skip 360

Got document
Listed 2 folder items
Listed 2 folder items
Microsoft Teams resolve team
Microsoft Teams resolve channel
Microsoft Teams validate write target

The blueprint has passed its final connector checks: nine native tabs, exact historical SHA, pricing source links/table, all six sprint references, and no copied secret values. I'm sending the single Engineering-channel review post now.

Used Chrome and Codex Apps integrations
Microsoft Teams send channel message
Close attachment workspace

Completed.
Mobile Build Blueprint - webapp-main, with nine native tabs.
Historical commit: 368cec4aff9f293a2564eb6c35f3d9045b343c2c.
Jira: MBTF-75, MBTF-78, MBTF-79, and MBTF-80.
Each issue has its relevant blueprint extract attached and remains To Do.
Duplicate MBTF-76 was deleted; each exact summary now has one match.
Teams review post sent.
No application code or live application endpoints were executed. Native document structure was verified; rendered PDF visual QA was unavailable.

