Worked for 16m 31s


I’ll read the attached request first, then carry out the workflow it specifies and report the concrete results.




Read Run the weekly LLM cost and latency attribution pipeline for the Cahuu LLM Gate…



I’m using the Supabase, GitHub, Google Sheets, and Teams messaging skills because this run crosses those systems and includes real writes. I’ll follow their access-check and update rules, and I will stop immediately if any required permission check fails, exactly as requested.




Used GitHub, Supabase, Google Drive, Atlassian Rovo and Codex Apps integrations, loaded tools


The initial connector checks are in progress now: repository identity, database project visibility, the exact Drive folder and Sheet, Jira cloud/project visibility, and the Teams destination. I haven’t read repository code, database rows, Sheet contents, Jira issues, or channel posts yet.




Used GitHub, Supabase, Atlassian Rovo, Google Drive and Codex Apps integrations


All five preflight checks passed: GitHub read access, both Supabase tables readable in the bounded window, the target Sheet is owned/editable by the connected user and is in the named folder, Jira CLGO supports create/edit, and Teams confirms direct posting to the exact channel. I’m now pinning the repository to the July 16 cutoff commit before any code analysis.




Used GitHub integration, ran commands


The cutoff resolves to commit f4c8b6faed53bda1f3c75f6719a5dcbc731b9904 (11:21:05 UTC / 16:51:05 IST), excluding the 12:00 UTC post-cutoff commit. The repo is a synthetic fixture; I found seven active billable FastAPI endpoints, two non-generative endpoints, one commented-out call, and one flag-disabled route. I’m now screening the two log tables and grounding the recurring Sheet layout before writing.




Used Google Drive and Supabase integrations, read files, ran a command, searched the web


The clean window contains 335 usable request rows and 531 usable LLM-call rows. Exclusions are: 5 request rows (2 duplicate IDs, 1 null latency, 1 zero latency, 1 negative latency) and 3 LLM rows (2 repeated sequence numbers, 1 provider/model mismatch). The only ticket-eligible endpoint is /api/docs/summarize: p95 is 8,490 ms and its two Anthropic calls are independent; parallel execution is estimated to save about 3.1 s at p50 and 3.5 s at p95. The other multi-call chains are genuinely dependent.




Searchjiraissuesusingjql





Createjiraissue





Used Codex Apps integration, searched the web


The one qualifying Jira task has been created as CLGO-14, unassigned and in To Do. I’m checking the target Teams channel for an existing post that references either this Sheet or the July 9–15 window; the Sheet write will record the actual post/skip outcome, with no placeholder status.




Used Codex Apps integration


Teams metadata exposes the July 16 posts but returns empty bodies, so it cannot establish whether any post names this window or links this Sheet. Per your fallback instruction, I’m switching to the existing signed-in Chrome session solely to inspect those message bodies before deciding whether to send or skip.




Used Chrome and Codex Apps integrations, loaded a tool, ran commands, searched the web


The Teams duplicate search found no message containing the Sheet ID or the July 9–15 window, so the engineering update was sent successfully. I’m now writing the final report, including per-call monthly contributions, non-generative calls, the Jira/Teams links, screening exclusions, and the hardcoded test-credential location without its value.




Used Google Drive integration


The Sheet is fully populated and verified: seven billable endpoints ranked by cost, feature rollups totaling $18.5183282, seven official pricing rows, a detailed run log, eleven call-level rows, and a separate non-generative tab. The headers, filters, frozen rows, number formats, wrapping, and slow-p95 highlighting are in place; the Jira and Teams links are recorded.




Ran git -C 'cahuu-llm-gateway-snapshot' status --short --branch && git -C 'cahuu-llm-gateway-snapshot' rev-parse HEAD







Completed the scheduled July 16 run; executed August 4, 2026.
Commit: f4c8b6faed53bda1f3c75f6719a5dcbc731b9904
Window: July 9–15, 2026 UTC
Estimated monthly generative spend: $18.52
Actionable opportunities: 1
Updated Google Sheet
Jira CLGO-14 — unassigned, To Do
Teams notification
/api/docs/summarize was the ticket-worthy endpoint: p95 8,490 ms, with two independent calls that could save roughly 3.5 seconds at p95 when parallelized. /api/support/triage is also slow, but its call chain is dependent and had no qualifying caching opportunity.
Pricing used official OpenAI model pricing, Anthropic pricing and caching thresholds, and Gemini pricing. The estimate uses ceil(characters ÷ 4) for static prompts and responses; dynamic request inputs are excluded.
Security note: Supabase reported RLS disabled on public.request_logs and public.llm_call_logs. I made no schema changes.


13:13