Worked for 9m 23s


I’ll read the attached instructions first, then carry out the requested pass within the available workspace and connected tools.




Ran Get-Content -Raw -LiteralPath 'C:\Users\Empiric\.codex\attachments\2fb48a5f-db12-44d3-a5cf-79296aa015ca\pasted-text.txt'




I’m using the Chrome-control skill because this workflow explicitly depends on the named logged-in Chrome profile. I’ll also apply the Sheets, Gmail, and Teams messaging skills to preserve their write and verification safeguards while performing the work in that browser session.




Used Chrome integration, ran commands


I’m connected to Chrome. I’ll capture the research and existing-log state in one read phase, then freeze that evidence before drafting.




Used Chrome integration, ran commands


The strongest qualifying story in the frozen research window is the evaluation-environment containment failure: Reuters, The Verge, and The New Stack all cover the same incident within the three-day window in Kolkata time, with The New Stack adding a concrete infrastructure-control angle. I’m completing the creator-pattern read before drafting.




Used Chrome integration


One LinkedIn profile read timed out, so the Chrome skill requires a brief browser recovery check before I continue.




Used Chrome integration, ran commands


The evidence window is now frozen. The alternate qualifying topic was InfoQ’s independent, detailed analysis of Vault-backed Kubernetes key management, but the containment story wins on named-source coverage (three versus one) and does not overlap the two July seed rows in the log. I’ve finalized the original post and metadata; next is the pre-publication log entry.




Used Chrome integration


The row is saved and verified as Generated in the Content Log. I’m moving to the named LinkedIn identity and preparing the live composer.




Used Chrome integration


The LinkedIn composer is open under the correct Kashyap profile, but the editor remains empty and Post stays disabled after supported entry attempts. I’m treating that as a publish failure, recording the failed status and an open issue, then I’ll prepare the required Teams heads-up.




Used Chrome integration


The failure and open issue are now verified in the sheet. I’m locating the specified Teams channel in the same Chrome profile so the heads-up can be prepared against the exact destination.




Used Chrome integration


Teams did not open an authenticated workspace. The requested expert.micro1.ai account was offered, but Microsoft rejected it as an incorrect username. I’m adding that missing heads-up detail to the open issue before handing control back.




Used Chrome integration, ran a command


The run is safely recorded as failed, with the missing Teams heads-up explicitly documented. I’m leaving the log and relevant browser handoff pages open.




Leave workflow handoff open








The run did not complete publication. It is recorded as Failed.
Empiric Infotech LinkedIn Content Log: Content Log row 4 contains draft EI-LI-20260803-01, its full post and metadata, and Status = Failed. Published URL, Published Timestamp, and Notification Sent remain blank.
Issues row 2 contains the matching issue with Status = Open. I verified the row after writing it.
The selected topic was AI evaluation-environment containment, supported by current, substantial independent coverage from Reuters, The Verge, and The New Stack. It did not overlap the recent log entries.
The intended title was “The control plane around AI tests matters”, with #DevOps #PlatformEngineering #CloudSecurity #AIInfrastructure and suggested time 2026-08-03 16:00 Asia/Kolkata.
The named LinkedIn URL opened as the self-view for Kashyap Empiric, not a distinct company page; the prompt’s company and fallback URLs were identical. The composer opened, but supported text-entry attempts left it empty and the Post button disabled, so nothing was published. Gmail was therefore not sent.
The required Teams failure heads-up was also not sent: Teams prompted for sign-in, and Microsoft rejected kashyap.empiricinfotech@expert.micro1.ai as an incorrect username. The Chrome-control skill also requires action-time confirmation before live representational posts or messages, so the attached “no approval” instruction cannot bypass that safeguard.
Please sign in to Microsoft Teams in the kashyap.empiricinfotech@expert.micro1.ai Chrome profile and tell me when it is ready. I can then resume from the logged draft and exact channel; before any live LinkedIn or Teams submission, I will request the required action-time confirmation.

Empiric Infotech LinkedIn Content LogGoogle SheetsOpen in default browserOpen in

Give feedback



3:59 PM








use teams conector






4:00 PM






Worked for 3m 22s


I’ll use the connected Teams workflow to resolve testing client workflows → Marketing → #linkedin-approvals and send the failure heads-up for EI-LI-20260803-01.




Used Codex Apps integration, ran commands


The connector resolved testing client workflows and its private Marketing channel. There is no separate channel named linkedin-approvals; I’ll use that label as the subject of a new Marketing channel thread, which is the validated write target.




Microsoft teams send channel message





The connector rejected the first payload because it included the private sheet link. I’ll retry with the short operational heads-up only, without the link or broader log details.




Microsoft teams send channel message





The concise heads-up was sent successfully through the connector. I’ll make the open issue accurate by noting that the Teams alert was subsequently delivered; the LinkedIn publication failure remains open.




Used Chrome integration, ran commands





The failure heads-up was sent successfully through the Teams connector to the private Marketing channel in testing client workflows, as a new thread titled #linkedin-approvals — EI-LI-20260803-01.
Open the Teams message
The connector exposed Marketing as the channel; it did not find a separate channel named linkedin-approvals, so that label was used as the thread subject. I also updated the Issues tab to record that the heads-up was delivered at 16:02 Asia/Kolkata. The LinkedIn run remains Failed, and the issue remains Open because the post was not published.

Issues tabGoogle SheetsOpen in default browserOpen in

Give feedback



4:03 PM








post it in marketing






4:04 PM






It is already posted in testing client workflows → Marketing as the thread #linkedin-approvals — EI-LI-20260803-01.
Open the Marketing channel message
I did not create a duplicate. If you meant the full LinkedIn draft body, rather than the failure heads-up, say so and I’ll post that in Marketing.


4:04 PM








retry the linkeding post again






4:04 PM






Worked for 4m 16s


I’ll retry the saved EI-LI-20260803-01 draft in the named Chrome profile, verify the correct LinkedIn identity and composer state, and stop at the live Post action for the required action-time confirmation.




Used Chrome integration, ran commands


The retry exposed a narrower issue: the editor accepts individual keyboard presses, while bulk typing and paste are not being applied inside LinkedIn’s shadow-hosted composer. I’ll use the supported keyboard path and verify progress in small chunks.




Refresh composer state





Context automatically compacted



Used Chrome integration


The supported keyboard path is working. The composer now has the opening and setup paragraphs; I’m finishing the controls and closing question, then I’ll verify the exact visible draft.




Used Chrome integration, ran a command





The retry succeeded through preparation: the complete draft is in LinkedIn’s composer, the Post button is enabled, and the composer is open for handoff. Nothing has been published yet.
The destination shown by LinkedIn is Kashyap Empiric — Post to Anyone, on the personal profile /in/kashyap-empiric-b9998641a. It is not a separate Empiric Infotech company-page identity. The four bullet characters were entered as hyphens; the wording is otherwise unchanged.
A sandbox is not a promise. It is an infrastructure boundary that must be tested.
Recent AI security-evaluation incidents show the risk: an agent can be told it is isolated while a network path, credential or exposed endpoint still connects a test to the real world.
Before an autonomous workflow gets tools, platform teams should make four controls routine:
Default-deny outbound traffic; explicitly allow only synthetic targets.
Issue short-lived, environment-scoped credentials with no path into live systems.
Observe DNS, egress and sensitive actions, and stop the run when policy is breached.
Rebuild and tear down test environments from code, then verify isolation in CI.
The takeaway: test the agent aggressively, but make the boundary around it predictable, observable and enforceable.
What isolation check would you require before giving an agent network access?
#DevOps #PlatformEngineering #CloudSecurity #AIInfrastructure

The Chrome-control skill requires an action-time confirmation before a public representational post. Clicking Post will make this content publicly visible to LinkedIn’s “Anyone” audience under Kashyap Empiric.
Please reply “Confirm publish” if you want me to click Post on that account.


4:09 PM








also post it without asking me,
I approve it






4:09 PM






Worked for 3m 59s


I’ll use the Chrome-control skill to resume the prepared composer, publish the approved draft, and verify the live result. Then I’ll update the existing tracking record and notifications that depend on a successful publication.




Used Chrome integration, ran commands


LinkedIn returned “Post successful” and exposed the live permalink. I’m using the Google Sheets, Gmail, and Teams messaging skills now to reconcile the publication record and send the success heads-up through the requested Teams connector.




Used Google Drive and Gmail integrations, ran commands


The live URL and publication timestamp are now recorded on the Content Log row. I’m sending the publication notice to the authenticated Gmail account and the resolved Marketing channel.




Used Gmail, Google Drive, and Codex Apps integrations


Both notifications were accepted. I’ve marked the log row Published / Yes and closed the earlier issue as Resolved; I’m doing the final native-sheet visual check before handing everything back.




Used Chrome and Google Drive integrations





Published successfully.
Live LinkedIn post — posted publicly as Kashyap Empiric on the approved named profile at 2026-08-03 16:09:42 Asia/Kolkata.
Content Log — row EI-LI-20260803-01 now shows Published, the live URL, timestamp, and Notification Sent = Yes. The earlier issue is marked Resolved.
Gmail notification sent to kashyap.empiricinfotech@expert.micro1.ai with subject LinkedIn Post Published - EI-LI-20260803-01.
Teams success heads-up sent to testing client workflows → Marketing under the #linkedin-approvals subject.
The live post and updated spreadsheet are also left open in Chrome.